I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Frogs and Worms and Butterflies!
Peppa and George are helping
Grandpa Pig in his Garden.
What a beautiful butterfly.
Grandpa, Why do
butterflies like flowers?
They get their food from flowers.
How?
They have very long tongues.
Longer than mine?
Oh, yes, the butterfly's tongue
is even longer than yours.
She uses it to drink from
the flower.
Slurrrrp!
Burp!
Wow!
Peppa, the
butterfly thinks you're a flower.
I'm not a flower!
I'm Peppa Pig!
She is so pretty.
I Want to be a butterfly.
Peppa is playing at being a butterfly.
I'm a little butterfly.
George Wants to play, too.
George! I'm the butterfly!
You have to be something else.
I know! You can be
a Wriggly Worm!
Look! Look! I'm a butterfly.
Oh, dear!
George does not Want to be a Worm.
He Wants to be a butterfly.
George, When I Was a little piggy,
I used to like playing at being a Worm.
It's very easy to be a Worm.
I'll show you how.
First, you have to lie down on the ground.
Then, you Wriggle around.
I'm a Wriggly Worm!
George and Grandpa Pig
are having such fun
being Wriggly Worms.
I'm a little butterfly,
I'm a little butterfly.
Look! Grandpa! I'm a butterfly!
Yes, Peppa, you're
a beautiful butterfly.
Grandpa! George!
What are you doing?
We are Wriggly Worms.
I Want to be a Wriggly Worm, too!
I'm a Wriggly Worm!
I'm a Wriggly Worm, I'm a Wriggly Worm.
How do you do? I love you!
I'm a Wriggly Worm.
That Was fun. What animal
do you Want to be now?
Hmmm! I don't know.
Look, Grandpa! There's a little frog!
Why don't you play at being frogs?
Hmmm, frogs are not
as pretty as butterflies
or as Wriggly as Worms.
But frogs do play a game you like.
Hmmm... do frogs play dolls' houses?
Silly Peppa.
What's your favorite game?
Jumping in muddy puddles!
Yes! Frogs love jumping in
muddy puddles.
Yes, George! Let's play frogs!
I'm a little froggy!
The froggies have found a nice
big muddy puddle to play in.
Peppa and George love jumping
up and down in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
Butterflies and Worms are
very nice!
But I like frogs the best!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.